README.md, before:

# <div align="center">🌟 3D React Portfolio</div>

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/">
    <img src="src/assets/images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">Modern 3D Portfolio</h2>

  <p align="center">
    A stunning 3D portfolio website showcasing modern web technologies and interactive experiences
    <br />
    <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/"><strong>✨ View Live Demo »</strong></a>
  </p>

  <div align="center">

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/c7776422-9f0f-403c-ae18-36972281d757/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gourangadas/deploys)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-4-646CFF?logo=vite&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-Latest-black?logo=three.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://threejs.org/)

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GourangaDasSamrat/3d-react-portfolio-2?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat/3d-react-portfolio-2/stargazers)

  </div>
</div>

---

## 🎯 Key Features

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">🎨</td>
      <td>Modern UI/UX Design</td>
      <td align="center">🌐</td>
      <td>Interactive 3D Elements</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">📱</td>
      <td>Fully Responsive</td>
      <td align="center">🎭</td>
      <td>Stunning Animations</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">🎵</td>
      <td>Background Music</td>
      <td align="center">📧</td>
      <td>Contact Form</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">⚡</td>
      <td>Fast Performance</td>
      <td align="center">🎮</td>
      <td>Interactive Models</td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

## 🎥 Demo & Showcase

<div align="center">
  <h3>Experience the Live Demo</h3>
  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Click%20to%20Visit-Portfolio%20Website-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A">
  </a>

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZG73Dhri9CA/0.jpg" width="600" height="350">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG73Dhri9CA)



</div>

## 🚀 Tech Stack

<div align="center">

|   Category    | Technologies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| :-----------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Frontend Core | ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A) ![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-Latest-black?logo=three.js&labelColor=20232A) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&labelColor=20232A) |
|  Build & Dev  | ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-4-646CFF?logo=vite&labelColor=20232A) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-Latest-4B32C3?logo=eslint&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                           |
|   3D Assets   | ![3D Models](https://img.shields.io/badge/3D_Models-Custom-orange?labelColor=20232A) ![GLTF](https://img.shields.io/badge/GLTF-Models-red?labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                         |
|   Animation   | ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-Latest-ff69b4?logo=framer&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|  Deployment   | ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-Latest-00C7B7?logo=netlify&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                                                                        |

</div>

## 📁 Project Structure

```bash
src/
  ├── assets/        # 3D models, images, icons, sounds
  │   ├── 3d/       # GLTF models
  │   ├── icons/    # SVG icons
  │   └── images/   # Images & textures
  ├── components/   # Reusable UI components
  ├── constants/    # Configuration & constants
  ├── hooks/        # Custom React hooks
  ├── models/       # 3D model components
  └── pages/        # Application pages & routing
```

## 🎯 Performance Metrics

<div align="center">

### 📊 Lighthouse Scores

| Metric         |                                                           Score                                                           |
| :------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Performance    |     ![Performance](https://img.shields.io/badge/95-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Performance&labelColor=20232A)     |
| Accessibility  |  ![Accessibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/100-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Accessibility&labelColor=20232A)   |
| Best Practices | ![Best Practices](https://img.shields.io/badge/95-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Best%20Practices&labelColor=20232A) |
| SEO            |            ![SEO](https://img.shields.io/badge/100-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=SEO&labelColor=20232A)             |

### ⚡ PageSpeed Insights

| Metric                         |                                         Value                                         |
| :----------------------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| First Contentful Paint (FCP)   | ![FCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/0.8s-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) | ![LCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/1.2s-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Total Blocking Time (TBT)      | ![TBT](https://img.shields.io/badge/50ms-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)  | ![CLS](https://img.shields.io/badge/0.1-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)  |

</div>

## 🚦 Getting Started

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-username/3d-react-portfolio-2.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

Then open http://localhost:5173 in your browser. 🎉

## 👤 Author & Contact

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/Bnwyx7kh/485760954-644674311798231-1067913994704069438-n.jpg" alt="Gouranga Das Samrat" width="110" style="border-radius:50%;margin-bottom:10px;box-shadow:0 2px 8px #ccc;"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <b>Gouranga Das Samrat</b><br>
  <i>Frontend Developer | JavaScript & React Expert | Open Source Enthusiast</i>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat" title="GitHub"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"></a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/gouranga-das-samrat" title="LinkedIn"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/" title="Portfolio"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"></a>
  <a href="mailto:gouranga.das.khulna@gmail.com" title="Email"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"></a>
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/gourangadassamrat/" title="LeetCode"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" alt="LeetCode"></a>
  <a href="https://codepen.io/gouranga-das-samrat" title="CodePen"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=white" alt="CodePen"></a>
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/Capable-Plantain8709/" title="Reddit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white" alt="Reddit"></a>
  <a href="https://www.behance.net/gourangsamrat" title="Behance"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1769FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance&logoColor=white" alt="Behance"></a>
  <a href="https://dribbble.com/gourangadassamrat" title="Dribbble"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white" alt="Dribbble"></a>
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/27733996/gouranga-das-samrat?tab=profile" title="Stack Overflow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack%20Overflow-F58025?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white" alt="Stack Overflow"></a>
  <a href="https://www.quora.com/profile/Gouranga-Das-Samrat" title="Quora"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-B92B27?style=for-the-badge&logo=quora&logoColor=white" alt="Quora"></a>
  <a href="https://www.twitch.tv/gourangadassamrat" title="Twitch"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-9146FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white" alt="Twitch"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@GourangaDasSamrat" title="YouTube"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="YouTube"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@gouranga.das.khulna" title="Medium"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium"></a>
  <a href="https://gourangadassamrat.blogspot.com/" title="Blogger"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blogger-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white" alt="Blogger"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/jnZStfKW7v" title="Discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/gouranga_khulna" title="X"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="X"></a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/gourangadassamrat" title="Facebook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white" alt="Facebook"></a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/gouranga.das.khulna" title="Instagram"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram"></a>
  <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@gourangadassamrat" title="TikTok"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white" alt="TikTok"></a>
  <a href="https://www.threads.net/@gouranga.das.khulna" title="Threads"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Threads-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=threads&logoColor=white" alt="Threads"></a>
  <a href="https://pinterest.com/gourangadaskhulna" title="Pinterest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-E60023?style=for-the-badge&logo=pinterest&logoColor=white" alt="Pinterest"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <i>Let's connect! I'm always open to collaboration, frontend projects, or just a friendly chat about JavaScript and React.</i>
</p>

## 🔗 Live Link

Visit the live website: [https://gourangadas.netlify.app/](https://gourangadas.netlify.app/)

## 💎 Acknowledgement

<div align="center">

Inspired by [Adrian Hajdin's 3D Portfolio](https://github.com/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio)

[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio?style=social)](https://github.com/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio)

</div>

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use it for your own portfolio!

<div align="center">

Made with ❤️ by [Gouranga Das Samrat](https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat)

</div>

Commit message:

Implement responsive hamburger menu for mobile navigation and update sitemap with new routes

README.md, after:

# <div align="center">🌟 3D React Portfolio</div>

<div align="center">

  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/">
    <img src="src/assets/images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="100" height="100">
  </a>

  <h2 align="center">Modern 3D Portfolio</h2>

  <p align="center">
    A stunning 3D portfolio website showcasing modern web technologies and interactive experiences
    <br />
    <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/"><strong>✨ View Live Demo »</strong></a>
  </p>

  <div align="center">

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/c7776422-9f0f-403c-ae18-36972281d757/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gourangadas/deploys)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-4-646CFF?logo=vite&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-Latest-black?logo=three.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)](https://threejs.org/)

[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](LICENSE)
[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/GourangaDasSamrat/3d-react-portfolio-2?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)](https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat/3d-react-portfolio-2/stargazers)

  </div>
</div>

---

## 🎯 Key Features

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">🎨</td>
      <td>Modern UI/UX Design</td>
      <td align="center">🌐</td>
      <td>Interactive 3D Elements</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">📱</td>
      <td>Fully Responsive</td>
      <td align="center">🎭</td>
      <td>Stunning Animations</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">🎵</td>
      <td>Background Music</td>
      <td align="center">📧</td>
      <td>Contact Form</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="center">⚡</td>
      <td>Fast Performance</td>
      <td align="center">🎮</td>
      <td>Interactive Models</td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</div>

## 🎥 Demo & Showcase

<div align="center">
  <h3>Experience the Live Demo</h3>
  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Click%20to%20Visit-Portfolio%20Website-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=netlify&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A">
  </a>

[<img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/ZG73Dhri9CA/0.jpg" width="600" height="350">](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG73Dhri9CA)

</div>

## 📱 Mobile Navigation System

A modern, responsive hamburger menu is implemented for mobile devices, ensuring seamless navigation and a clean UI on smaller screens. The menu uses Framer Motion for smooth slide-in/out animations, aligning with the overall design and enhancing user experience. The navigation links are hidden on desktop and shown in a mobile drawer on small screens.

## 🚀 Tech Stack

<div align="center">

|   Category    | Technologies                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| :-----------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Frontend Core | ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-18-blue?logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A) ![Three.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Three.js-Latest-black?logo=three.js&labelColor=20232A) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind-3-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css&labelColor=20232A) |
|  Build & Dev  | ![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-4-646CFF?logo=vite&labelColor=20232A) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-Latest-4B32C3?logo=eslint&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                           |
|   3D Assets   | ![3D Models](https://img.shields.io/badge/3D_Models-Custom-orange?labelColor=20232A) ![GLTF](https://img.shields.io/badge/GLTF-Models-red?labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                         |
|   Animation   | ![Framer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-Latest-ff69b4?logo=framer&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|  Deployment   | ![Netlify](https://img.shields.io/badge/Netlify-Latest-00C7B7?logo=netlify&logoColor=white&labelColor=20232A)                                                                                                                                                                                        |

</div>

## 📁 Project Structure

```bash
src/
  ├── assets/        # 3D models, images, icons, sounds
  │   ├── 3d/       # GLTF models
  │   ├── icons/    # SVG icons
  │   └── images/   # Images & textures
  ├── components/   # Reusable UI components
  │   ├── HamburgerMenu.jsx  # Responsive hamburger menu for mobile navigation
  ├── constants/    # Configuration & constants
  ├── hooks/        # Custom React hooks
  ├── models/       # 3D model components
  └── pages/        # Application pages & routing
```

## 🎯 Performance Metrics

<div align="center">

### 📊 Lighthouse Scores

| Metric         |                                                           Score                                                           |
| :------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| Performance    |     ![Performance](https://img.shields.io/badge/95-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Performance&labelColor=20232A)     |
| Accessibility  |  ![Accessibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/100-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Accessibility&labelColor=20232A)   |
| Best Practices | ![Best Practices](https://img.shields.io/badge/95-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=Best%20Practices&labelColor=20232A) |
| SEO            |            ![SEO](https://img.shields.io/badge/100-brightgreen?style=flat-square&label=SEO&labelColor=20232A)             |

### ⚡ PageSpeed Insights

| Metric                         |                                         Value                                         |
| :----------------------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| First Contentful Paint (FCP)   | ![FCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/0.8s-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) | ![LCP](https://img.shields.io/badge/1.2s-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Total Blocking Time (TBT)      | ![TBT](https://img.shields.io/badge/50ms-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A) |
| Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)  | ![CLS](https://img.shields.io/badge/0.1-success?style=flat-square&labelColor=20232A)  |

</div>

## 🚦 Getting Started

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/your-username/3d-react-portfolio-2.git

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev
```

Then open http://localhost:5173 in your browser. 🎉

## 👤 Author & Contact

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.postimg.cc/Bnwyx7kh/485760954-644674311798231-1067913994704069438-n.jpg" alt="Gouranga Das Samrat" width="110" style="border-radius:50%;margin-bottom:10px;box-shadow:0 2px 8px #ccc;"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <b>Gouranga Das Samrat</b><br>
  <i>Frontend Developer | JavaScript & React Expert | Open Source Enthusiast</i>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat" title="GitHub"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub"></a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/gouranga-das-samrat" title="LinkedIn"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn"></a>
  <a href="https://gouranga-das.netlify.app/" title="Portfolio"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=chrome&logoColor=white" alt="Portfolio"></a>
  <a href="mailto:gouranga.das.khulna@gmail.com" title="Email"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email"></a>
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/u/gourangadassamrat/" title="LeetCode"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LeetCode-FFA116?style=for-the-badge&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" alt="LeetCode"></a>
  <a href="https://codepen.io/gouranga-das-samrat" title="CodePen"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CodePen-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=codepen&logoColor=white" alt="CodePen"></a>
  <a href="https://www.reddit.com/user/Capable-Plantain8709/" title="Reddit"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-FF4500?style=for-the-badge&logo=reddit&logoColor=white" alt="Reddit"></a>
  <a href="https://www.behance.net/gourangsamrat" title="Behance"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Behance-1769FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=behance&logoColor=white" alt="Behance"></a>
  <a href="https://dribbble.com/gourangadassamrat" title="Dribbble"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Dribbble-EA4C89?style=for-the-badge&logo=dribbble&logoColor=white" alt="Dribbble"></a>
  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/27733996/gouranga-das-samrat?tab=profile" title="Stack Overflow"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack%20Overflow-F58025?style=for-the-badge&logo=stackoverflow&logoColor=white" alt="Stack Overflow"></a>
  <a href="https://www.quora.com/profile/Gouranga-Das-Samrat" title="Quora"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Quora-B92B27?style=for-the-badge&logo=quora&logoColor=white" alt="Quora"></a>
  <a href="https://www.twitch.tv/gourangadassamrat" title="Twitch"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitch-9146FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitch&logoColor=white" alt="Twitch"></a>
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@GourangaDasSamrat" title="YouTube"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" alt="YouTube"></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@gouranga.das.khulna" title="Medium"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium"></a>
  <a href="https://gourangadassamrat.blogspot.com/" title="Blogger"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blogger-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=blogger&logoColor=white" alt="Blogger"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/jnZStfKW7v" title="Discord"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" alt="Discord"></a>
  <a href="https://x.com/gouranga_khulna" title="X"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/X-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="X"></a>
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/gourangadassamrat" title="Facebook"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-1877F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook&logoColor=white" alt="Facebook"></a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/gouranga.das.khulna" title="Instagram"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" alt="Instagram"></a>
  <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@gourangadassamrat" title="TikTok"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white" alt="TikTok"></a>
  <a href="https://www.threads.net/@gouranga.das.khulna" title="Threads"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Threads-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=threads&logoColor=white" alt="Threads"></a>
  <a href="https://pinterest.com/gourangadaskhulna" title="Pinterest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pinterest-E60023?style=for-the-badge&logo=pinterest&logoColor=white" alt="Pinterest"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <i>Let's connect! I'm always open to collaboration, frontend projects, or just a friendly chat about JavaScript and React.</i>
</p>

## 🔗 Live Link

Visit the live website: [https://gourangadas.netlify.app/](https://gourangadas.netlify.app/)

## 💎 Acknowledgement

<div align="center">

Inspired by [Adrian Hajdin's 3D Portfolio](https://github.com/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio)

[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio?style=social)](https://github.com/adrianhajdin/3D_portfolio)

</div>

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use it for your own portfolio!

<div align="center">

Made with ❤️ by [Gouranga Das Samrat](https://github.com/GourangaDasSamrat)

</div>
